Laughing Buddha, what do you mean?
Are you here to smash the scene? Laughing Buddha
I respect you
Call you Buddha
Do you really think your Tianlong Hall
Is it still where it was ten years ago?
Kyushu unrest
foreign invasion
Tianlong Hall has no successor
If it weren't for the blessing of the goddess of our nine clans
How can Kyushu have the current prosperity of the Great Zhou?
Hahaha, what a nine clans
What a Nine Profound Heavenly Girl
Who said that our Tianlong Hall has no successor?
He is the Dragon Lord of my Tianlong Palace
Hahahaha
I see
It's really gone.
Any cat or dog can be a dragon master
Yes, the old dragon lord
He is a peerless hero
I didn't expect this new dragon master
It's a hairy boy
It's sad.
Alas, Xiao Minghua
You want our goddess of the nine clans to be removed from the shelves of him
It's a pipe dream.
You broke the contract
Aren't you afraid of the wrath of heaven?
Wrath of Heaven Humph
Where is the anger
Why didn't I see it?
Raise your head three feet and there is a god
I advise you not to cocoon yourselves into anger
Yang Fan, don't play tricks here
Even if there is a god
That will only bless our goddess
Bless our nine clans
If you don't have the Lord's gold
You deserve to be a goddess too